 To LWOD [Live Wild or Die]: This is a message from FC Anarchist Terror Group. 
 We are the people who have been blowing up computer scientists, biotech specialists, public relations 
 experts and so forth. The FBI calls us “Unabom.” 
 About the time you receive this letter you should hear through the media about another bombing, 
 if everything works OK. Notice that this letter was postmarked either before or about the same time 
 as the bombing hit the news, which proves that the letter is authentic. 
 As a means of proving the authenticity of any further communications we may send to you, 
 we give you an identifying number: 14962. 
 Keep this number secret, so that when you receive a letter bearing it you will know that the letter comes from us. 
 This is different from the identifying number that we gave to the New York Times. 
 
 LWOD에게,
 
 우리는 아나키스트 테러단체 FC 입니다. 우리가 바로 컴퓨터 과학자, 생명공학자, 광고 전문가 등을 폭파시키던 사람들입니다.
 FBI는 우리를 "Unabom"이라고 부릅니다. 모든 일이 순조롭게 풀린다면, 당신이 이 편지를 받을 무렵에 언론에서 또 다른 폭탄테러를 보도하고 있을 것입니다.
 그 증거로, 이 편지에 찍힌 소인의 날짜가 폭발 이전 또는 비슷한 시점인 것을 확인하실 수 있을겁니다.
 앞으로의 연락에서 서로의 정체를 확인할 수 있도록, 암호를 정하도록 하겠습니다: 14962.
 이 번호를 비밀로 하십시오. 앞으로 이 번호가 적혀있는 편지를 받으면, 우리가 보낸 편지라는 것을 알 수 있을 것입니다.
 이 번호는 우리가 <뉴욕타임즈>에게 보낸 번호와는 다릅니다.
 

 We have a manuscript of between 29,000 and 37,000 words that we want to have published. 
 We are writing to the New York Times to try to make a deal over it. 
 We are telling the Times that if they will publish the manuscript serialized in their newspaper, 
 or [crossed out] if they can get it published in book form, we will agree to stop blowing up scientists and corporate execs. 
 For the moment we are more interested in propagating anti-industrial ideas than in killing another exec or biotech nerd. 
우리는 29000~37000개 단어 분량의 문서를 출판하고 싶습니다. 우리는 뉴욕타임즈와 이에 대해 협상하고 있습니다. 우리는 뉴욕타임즈에게 우리의 글을 신문에 연재하거나, [삭제됨]
책으로 출판해준다면, 더 이상 과학자들과 기업가들을 공격하지 않겠다고 말하고 있습니다. 지금으로서는, 우리는 기업가들이나 생명공학 오타쿠들을 죽이는 것보다는 우리의 반-산업화 사상을 
알리는데에 더 흥미를 갖고 있습니다.

However, we may find it useful to blow up more biotechnicians and the like at some time in the future, 
so we would prefer not to be bound by a promise to stop bombing. 
If we made such a promise we wouldn’t want to break it. 
So we are looking for some way to get our material published without having to make any promises or deals. 
하지만 우리는 폭탄테러를 멈추겠다는 약속을 하고싶지 않고, 상황에 따라 앞으로도 더 많은 생명공학자들을 폭파시키는 것이 유용할수도 있습니다..
우리는 약속을 지킬 생각입니다.
그래서 우리는 그런 약속을 하지 않고, 우리의 글을 출판할 다른 방법을 찾고 있습니다.

 Would LWOD be willing to publish our manuscript in serial form? 
 Or, better, could you get it published in book form and widely distributed to the general public? 
 If you published it in serial form, how long would it take you to publish the whole thing? 
 If you could get it published in book form, how widely would you distribute it and how long would it take you to get it 
 published once we have sent you the manuscript? 
 You’d be welcome to keep any profit you might make on the book and use it to propagate anti-industrial ideas. 
LWOD는 우리의 글을 연재해줄 수 있나요? 아니면, 더 나은 방법으로, 책 형태로 출판해 일반 대중에게 널리 배포해줄 수 있나요?
만약 우리의 글을 연재한다면, 전문이 모두 연재되는데 얼마나 걸릴까요? 만약 책으로 출판한다면, 출판하는데에는 시간이 얼마나 걸릴까요? 그리고 얼마나 널리 배포할 수 있을까요?
책을 통해 얻은 수익은 모두 가지셔도 좋습니다. 그 수익을 반-산업화 사상을 알리는데에 써주신다면 대환영입니다.

 The manuscript contains: (1) an analysis of what is wrong with the industrial system; 
 (2) a demonstration that the industrial system cannot be successfully reformed but must be destroyed; 
 (2) appropriate strategy for revolutionaries seeking to destroy the industrial system. 
 이 문서에는 다음과 같은 내용이 담겨있습니다:
 (1)산업 체제의 문제점에 대한 분석. 
 (2)산업 체제는 개혁될 수 없으며, 파괴해야만 한다는 논증.
 (3)산업 체제를 파괴하고자하는 혁명가들이 따라야할 전략.


 Please give us your answer by placing a classified ad in the San Francisco [crossed out] Chronicle, preferably on May 1, 1995. 
 The ad should begin with the words “Personal to MCHVP.” We ask you to answer in SF Chronicle instead of LWOD 
 because we know of only one place where we can get to LWOD, and if the FBI gets hold of this letter they will be able to watch 
 the few places where it is possible to get LWOD and maybe catch us that way. 
 1995년 5월 1일 <샌프란시스코 크로니클>에 비밀 광고를 실어 답변을 주세요. 광고는 "MCHVP에게"라는 단어로 시작해야합니다. LWOD 대신 <샌프란시스코 크로니클>을 통해 답변을 받는 이유는,
 우리는 LWOD를 얻을 수 있는 장소를 하나밖에 모르기 때문입니다. 만약 FBI가 이 편지를 손에 넣는다면, LWOD를 판매하는 장소 몇군데를 감시할 것이고, 자칫 잡힐수도 있습니다.

 We enclose a copy of our letter to the NY Times.
우리가 뉴욕타임즈에게 보냈던 편지 사본을 동봉했습니다.

Place the ad in the classification #420, “Personals.” To place ad contact
광고는 분류코드 #420, "개인"란에 실어주세요. 아래 연락처를 통해 광고를 실을 수 있습니다.

San Francisco Newspaper Agency
Classified Dept.
925 Mission Street
San Francisco, CA 94103

toll free phone (800) 227–4423

Best Regards,
존경을 담아,
FC
 


Confidential note to LWOD

CONFIDENTIAL NOTE

Enclosed is a letter that presumably will require general discussion by the LWOD staff. But this confidential note contains material that should be known to as few people as possible. So whichever LWOD person opens this envelope, he or she should hide this note and reveal its existence to no one, except when absolutely necessary. Read the other material in this envelope before reading the rest of this confidential[crossed out] note.

The material in this envelope constitutes evidence in a felony case, so LWOD might get in trouble if it doesn’t [crossed out] turn this stuff over to the FBI. It is always possible that your group may contain an FBI infiltrator who will report our letter to his bosses. And if you do publish our manuscript the FBI will know about it. So LWOD may want to give these documents to the FBI (except this confidential note, which can safely be kept secret).

This creates a possible problem, because the FBI will be able to confuse you or us by sending LWOD a fake manuscript or placing a fake ad in the SF Chronicle or some such COINTELPRO trick. Or the FBI may ask the Chronicle not to print your ad on the grounds that it would contribute to “criminal” activity. To get around that, we should have some completely confidential way of communicating. This can be established as follows.

Place an ad in the classified section of the Los Angeles Times, classification #1660, “Personal messages.” The ad should preferably appear on May 9, 1995, but in any case leave a few days between the time when the Chronicle ad appears and the time when the LA Times ad appears. This ad should begin, “Dear Stargazer, the mystic numbers that control your fate are ...” and it should be signed “Numerologist.” In between there will be a sequences of numbers conveying a coded message.

The code works this way. It will be random number code and therefore unbreakable. Use the series of random numbers that we have given on another sheet. Begin by encoding your message according to the following system: For A put 1, for B put 2, for C [crossed out] put 3, etc. up to 26 for Z. For space between two words put 27, for period put 28, for comma put 29, for question mark put 30. When you have your message coded by this system you will have a series of numbers that we can call the basic sequence. You then change the basic sequence by adding to it the numbers of the random sequence. To the first number of the basic sequence add the first number of the random sequence, to the second number of the basic sequence add the second number of the random sequence and so forth. Whenever the sum is greater that 30, subtract 30 from it. The resulting sequence of numbers is what you publish in the LA Times. See example on other sheet.

In your coded ad please give us an address to which we can send you messages with assurance that they will be [crossed out] completely safe and confidential. (We won’t send you any uncoded message that could get you in trouble if it got into the wrong hands.) Also please tell us in your coded ad whether your open ad in SF Chronicle is authentic and can be taken at face value.

Your coded ad probably won’t use up all the numbers of the random sequence. Have the rest of the sequence in case we want it for future use. NEVER USE ANY PART OF THE RANDOM SEQUENCE TWICE. To do so would enable the FBI to decode the message.

We give a separate, confidential identifying number for verification of any messages we may send you: 82771

Legally the FBI can’t open first class mail without a warrant, but there’s always a chance they might have opened the present envelope anyway, so this system of passing confidential messages isn’t 100% secure.

FC

(OVER)

[Handwritten:] Los Angeles Times Classified Ads Phone Numbers

(213) 629–4411
(800) 234–4444

Address of Los Angeles Times

Los Angeles Times
Times Mirror Square
Los Angeles, CA 90052 